


MIKE BROWN

Coach, what would define success for your group coming out of the spring?

BROWN: Just getting better every single day, man, and learning the offense and not just the what's but the why's and what we're doing and just kind of mastering the system. You know, that's kind of the big thing for us, trying to take that next step. With obviously last year being year one, you know, kind of this is year two now for everybody. And so just continuing to raise the expectation, raising the bar from the learning aspect, and then obviously continuing to get better from a technique standpoint and, you know, defining who the leaders are and then room camaraderie. 

And then what have you kind of seen from Logan and Cam? Cam has just opened the boundary now. What's their spring kind of like?

BROWN: Yeah, it's been good so far. You know, Cam looks like a completely different person, I think, than he did last spring. And so his growth has been really good. He's still got a ways to go. But he's getting challenged every day. You know, he's lined up against Leonard Moore every single snap. And so it's a good challenge for him. I think he's getting better. I think he is gaining some confidence in his technique and the things we're asking him to do. So that's been good. And then with Logan, Logan's making some strides as well. You know, Logan started off, he was on the scout team majority of the beginning of the season. And then we brought him down with us towards the end. So he's been hearing it. And the thing I love about him is he's a sponge, man. And he's just soaking in a bunch of knowledge from the older guys and taking that and applying it to his game. And so both of those guys have done a really good job. And I'm excited for the remainder of spring to watch them compete. 

You've got a guy like Will who's a veteran, but he's coming off an injury. How have you seen him as a development this spring and the impact on the room?

BROWN: Yeah, it's been good. He's a leader, man. And he's kind of taking some of those young guys, like we just talked about with Logan, under his wing and really leading those guys. And, you know, he's a weird one, right, where he's the new guy, but he's been in this offense probably longer than any of the other guys and then he's been around me longer than any of the other guys. So from that standpoint, he can help continue to shape the culture and push the standard. And then, you know, he's still got to kind of get back used to being in the system and get back used to doing the things the way that we do them. So it's been good having him around. It's been good to see him working in. And, you know, he got a little bit more work today, which was good. And we'll continue to build off of it. 

And then Jordan Faison doing this amazing balancing act between lacrosse and football. How have you seen him in the room?

BROWN: Yeah, it's just amazing, man. It's good to have him around a lot more this spring. And, you know, he's getting better and better. He's just learning the offense better. He's recognizing defenses better. He's understanding different things in his route of running, keeping his leverage, understanding where he needs to be, when he needs to be there. So there's a lot of little things about his game that's gotten a lot better so far this spring. And, you know, we'll continue to build on it. 

What's the balance of developing your room, but also a guy like Scrapp who comes in and never has a player team?

BROWN: Yeah, I mean, the standard's the standard, right? The standard doesn't change no matter who's in the game or whatever it is. But you also understand, you know, where a guy's at. Everybody's at a different level of their development, right?

He's a guy who's, you know, never really ran and caught a ball before. So, you know, it's fun to watch him. You know, he's gotten better since the first time we came out here. Obviously still got a ways to go. It'll be a project, but we knew that. And so, you know, he's hungry, he's eager, you know, he's learning. And, you know, we'll continue to push him. 

Drops are frustrating for any of your recievers, Coach. What are the steps that you take to try to eliminate those this year?

BROWN: Yeah, drops are always a tough topic of conversation. But just trying to create those situations as many ways as we possibly can, whether it's contested situations and things like that, and pre-practice or post-practice or an individual whenever we can, and just building confidence. You know, I think a big part of drops at any level is just confidence, right?

A great example of that was Jaden Greathouse, you know, at the end of the year last year. He became confident, made some plays, and it got to the point where just about any ball you threw his way, he was catching. You know, so a lot of it has to do with that. So we'll continue to build that. We'll continue to preach it and always make it a point of emphasis. And, you know, just take it one day at a time. 

JORDAN FAISON

Well, how in the world are you balancing these two sports right now?

FAISON: I mean, yeah, from last year we have a little bit of a change doing a little bit more football this year. Again, the coaches and sports have to take care of me. They, you know, kind of throughout these weeks they've built in a schedule for me that allows me to do both and, you know, just take it and run it with it, so. 

Now that Coach Brown's been here a year, what has he kind of helped your game the most?

BROWN: Yeah, he helps me at IQ level. It kind of allows me to slow the game down going out there, recognize the defenses before the snap and after the snap, and it kind of allows me as a player to slow down my game, you know, kind of conceptualize different defenses and be able to run my routes according to that, you know, it's been a major help to my game. 

And then you obviously never lack confidence How much confidence did you get from those just making big plays last year?

FAISON: Yeah, a ton. I mean, you know, you come in nervous as a young guy, and then when you make plays and the ball's in your hands, you kind of, you know, calm down and whatnot and, you know, find your game. And when the ball keeps finding you, you kind of get in your groove and the confidence builds, and then you just got to keep it in the room because confidence is pretty big in this game, so. 

Right now with this QB competition, how's it kind of been working with the different quarterbacks?

FAISON: Yeah, I mean, it's been good for us. All the guys, you know, they're top-tier quarterbacks that have put the ball on you, and, you know, we all have good relationships with them, good trust with them, so it's pretty much, you know, the same run out. It doesn't matter who's behind there. The ball's coming, and it's coming good, so. 

And in second season over Denbrock, now what's it kind of like being on the same offense for four years or a year?

FAISON: Yeah, it allows us to take a step, definitely, I think, as an offense, especially in the receiver room, too. You know, first year you're kind of just trying to understand the offense, and then second year you can really elevate to that next level, kind of conceptualize different things and run your routes accordingly off of defenses the way, you know, Coach Denbrock intended to be, and so I guess it would be a big help for sure. 

In the preseason, Coach Gordon said that he was kind of just leaving you to your own devices.vLike, what did you do from the moment that the championship came?vWell, I did to your return in Georgetown. Kind of why did you pick that as your return game?

FAISON: Yeah, I didn't actually pick it as my return game. Kind of came back. I was just watching, practicing for a little bit, taking my break. Then a couple guys on our team got banged up, and I needed to step in and play earlier than intended, and so Georgetown just happened to be the game that I had to come back, you know, help my team. 

And then half an intended target game that you were kind of looking for, I think Gordon said Maryland, maybe?

FAISON: Yeah, Georgetown was going to be the last game that I missed. I just ended up coming in the game earlier, so. 

And as for football, what are some of the things that you're going to be looking for and what's your focus on improvement this spring?

FAISON: Yeah, my focus is definitely just slowing the game down, kind of understanding our playbook more, and then understanding the defenses and kind of seeing all the different looks they give, kind of trying to read different tells on corners and that will ultimately slow my game down mentally and allow me to go out there and make more plays. 

Do you see this room stepping up a little bit?

FAISON: 100%. You know, we've got young guys coming in, too, that are raw talent, and, you know, we're getting them on the right page, on the right path. You know, they come to us asking questions, then once we're all at the same level, we can improve as a room together, and then together as an offense, so. 

JADEN GREATHOUSE

Gene, from just the last two games, I guess, how can you carry that into the spring and offseason?

GREATHOUSE: Yeah, I mean, it really just started, you know, with the day one mentality of just, you know, I'm going to come out here and, you know, I have a reason for being out here, and I'm going to be out here for my teammates and for my family back home and everybody that supports me. And so I'm going to give it my best every single day. And every single rep that I'm doing, give it with 100% intentionality and really just try to get 1% better each day so that, you know, when it comes to next season, it's not just the last two games, it's the entire season. 

I mean, I know you're still technically a sophomore, but do you feel like it is your room at this point where you lead?

GREATHOUSE: Yeah, definitely. I mean, even some of the freshmen call me Unc. I mean, so it's like, you know, I'm only 20, but, like, you know, I guess I'm one of the older guys now since we don't got the COVID [year] anymore. But, I mean, it's definitely a blessing just to be in this position, to be able to, you know, be an example for everybody else in the room and to be able to lead by example and, you know, to be able to help everybody else and just make the room overall better. It's definitely a blessing and something that I'm cognizant of every day and just trying to push myself to be better and everybody else better every single day. 

As you're developing so, too, with three quarterbacks, how has that affected the receiver room and how do you see that competition going?

GREATHOUSE: Yeah, I mean, all those receivers, we have great relationships with all three of the quarterbacks. So, I mean, it's nothing really too different when we're out there. Half the time,  I'm not even really paying attention to who's back there when we're throwing. I'm just making sure that I can be the best version of myself, so that I make whoever is back there job easy and whenever he gets to the back of his drop, I'm wide open and that's all he needs to do. So, that's really all I'm focused on and, yeah. 

Coach, Denbrock now we're talking about drops. Two drops. What do you guys do to change that?

GREATHOUSE: Yeah, I mean, just getting on the jugs every single day and just having intentionality with what we're doing. You know, I think drops comes down to, you know, what you're focusing on and, you know, just making sure that, we're having intentionality with practice, with everything that we're doing. So that way when it carries over to the game, we're locked in and we're on our assignments and that we're locked in on the game and that we can make the plays when we need to. 

How does the second season with Dan Brock look like having the same momentum for you?

GREATHOUSE: You know, it makes it a lot easier now, you know, being in the offense and seeing multiple different formations from us and, you know, different plays and, you know, how he likes things and stuff like that. So, you know, just building off last year and just continuing to work the routes, continuing to work the concepts and, you know, fine-tune the little details and stuff. But, everybody has, you know, a pretty good flow with the offense and remembers everything pretty good. So, we've been rolling. 

I know it didn't end the way you wanted it, but how much fun was that run?

GREATHOUSE: I mean, it was a once-in-a-lifetime kind of, you know, experience. I mean, in the grand scheme of things, barely anybody gets to go to the national championship. And so, you know, I'm just thankful that I was able to be on that ride with my brother. And, you know, it was a once-in-a-lifetime kind of experience. And I'm just trying to do everything that I can to make sure that we're right back in that situation and that at the end of the day that we can have a different outcome than we did last year. 

CAM WILLIAMS

Cam looking back to last spring, where have you kind of taken your game in the last year?

WILLIAMS: You know, just going out there and having more clarity, being more comfortable kind of with, just the playbook and, you know, the route tree, all those type of things. So kind of being able to come out here a second time and do it, see it again, actually, it's just allowed me to play more clean and clean and sound. So it's been great. 

And then where can you skill set kind of fit in the offense

WILLIAMS: You know, I think, you know, just keep playing fast and, you know, being sharp and crisp with my routes. And you can never know the playbook too much. So, you know, just keeping at that. So. 

Denbrock on Drops. How does this receiving room improve on that issue?

WILLIAMS: I mean, you're a receiver. Like, I mean, we can catch the ball. I mean, you know, they happen every now and then. And I think that's not so much like a skill problem. You know, it's just more of a, you know, just clarity, you know. Again, they happen. And, you know, we take those upon ourselves for sure in the room. You know, accountability. So it'll be cleaned up. Yeah. 

And then are you, are you working at a field and boundary this spring?

WILLIAMS: It's been all boundary. Yeah, it's been all boundary. It's different. It's a change. But I think, I think it's good kind of knowing that I can be comfortable in the field. But, you know, being over into the boundary, it's a different game. So being able to kind of gain comfortability over there has been, has been great. 

What are some of the, like, just the bigger differences in the two positions that you're kind of... 

WILLIAMS You know, I go from about 30 yards of space to about 10 to 15. That's one thing. Getting pressed every play. You know, it's so many different things. Different types of blocking rules, all that stuff. So it's been a lot. But I think just becoming more well-rounded, not only in the playbook, but as a player, you know, it's only going to help you. 

KK SMITH

KK, how do you kind of stay patient just going through some of the worst of the injuries the last couple of years?

SMITH: Um, really just, just in the process, just in my coaches, knowing that they have a plan for me and whenever I'm on the field, just being ready to execute and whenever my number's called, just executing. 

What do you want to get out of this spring?

SMITH: I want to have a role for the wide receiver room, you know, like, have the quarterbacks be able to count on me, be a guy that they feel like they can trust to execute and do my job. 

How is this receiver room stepping up this spring?

SMITH: I feel like we're growing a whole bunch. We got a lot of young guys. A lot of, like, a couple transfers coming in who are getting into the field with us and I think just trying to mesh that with what we already have built from last year and, like, one year in this offense, just, we're in a good spot right now and I think we're only going to continue to improve. 

How has it been working with the different quarterbacks or the competition right now?

SMITH: I like it. I mean, shoot, working with them means that different quarterback in a competition mean that they get to throw the ball deep and try to make plays with us. I get to make plays and, I mean, shoot, everybody happy. 

MICAH GILBERT

Well, how's the hand and how are you dealing with that this spring?

GILBERT: It was a shock, but it was getting better each day. Obviously, you know, it was unfortunate,  broke it, had surgery, but it's getting better each day. Still out here with the team recovering. So, keep it going. 

Is there a timeline when you can get all that off?

GILBERT: Yeah. Broken bones, six to eight weeks. It's just your basic broken bone. 


And then what can you kind of still get out of this spring despite the injury?

GILBERT: Just everything, no ball. Still able to run routes, get the mental reps that I need, watch film, stay around the team. Just no ball involved. Nothing that could cause harm to my hand. 

And then how are you with different players this spring compared to this time last year?

GILBERT: Just having a lot of reps under my belt, being able to get adjusted to speed when I first came in, and then just being around the guys, being in the Irish program. It's just I've been able to adjust pretty well, learn the playbook, learn stuff like that so I can play fast. 

How difficult is that adjustment to the college football?

GILBERT: It varies by person. It varies from the program you come from, from what you were taught in high school. So, it all depends. 

So, for you?

GILBERT: I think I adjusted pretty well. I came from a high school that used a lot of advanced terminology and stuff like that. So, when I got in, I just had to get just to, you know, bigger guys get stronger, faster. But I think I adjusted pretty well, pretty quickly. 


